i need to know about the cancellation policy
What is the procedure to cancel my flight?
i want to cancel my ticket
i want to cancel my flight
what is the procedure to cancel the flight
i would like to cancel my flight
how can i cancel my flight
am i eligible to cancel my flight
cancel ticket
cancel flight
cancellation policy
What are your cancellation policies?
my flight was cancelled
flight changed
My flight got changed
My flight got cancelled
am i qualified for refund
i want refund of my ticket
what is the refund policy
How are you working to protect passengers during this covid19 breakdown?
What are your safety measures for covid19 ?
What’s your current Covid19 outbreak seating arrangement ?
What’s your current seating arrangements and policy?
What’s your Inflight social distancing rules?
How effective are your onboard social distancing?
Do you follow onboard social distancing?
What is your baggage policy?
How many bags can I carry?
What is your baggage policy for Economy Class?
How many bags can I carry in Economy Class?
What is the policy for checked baggage for international flights?
Will the process of checking baggage be the same for international flights? If not, how will it differ?
How is the policy different between international flights and domestic flights?
My baggage has been lost, damaged, or delayed. How do I find out more information?
I lost my baggage. Where can I find more information?
How can I get my lost baggage?
What’s your current lounge access policy?
Can I access lounge
Is lounge access still available?
will i get my food / Do you provide food on board
what are the onboard changes
What’s your current inflight food and beverage policies
Do you provide food and beverage at the current covid19 situation?
What’s your current inflight Entertainment services?
What safety measures does your airline follow ?
What measures are you taking to follow social distancing?
Regional advisories
New travel restrictions
hello
Hi
Greetings!
Greetings
Hi, How is it going?
How are you doing?
Nice to meet you.
Hai
I need help
Good morning
Good evening
Good noon
Good afternoon
Morning, I need help
hello
i need to know about the current cancellation policy
what is the cancellation policy
